Dual-stack conversions only from 4.12.5 (#59922)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-dual-stack-convert.adoc

After converting to dual-stack networking only newly created pods are assigned IPv6 addresses. Any pods created before the conversion must be recreated to receive an IPv6 address.
====

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Before proceeding make sure your OpenShift cluster uses at least version 4.12.5. Otherwise it may be broken due to the bug https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-6040.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before proceeding, make sure your OpenShift cluster uses version 4.12.5 or later. Otherwise, the conversion can fail due to the bug link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-6040[ovnkube node pod crashed after converting to a dual-stack cluster network].
```
